Hello guys you will come back.
It is video we will learn how to sell those products.
So what we hear.
I actually added rest Jaison for testing purposes so you can read it because we are going to change
it to something else.
So the first thing you want to do is you want to add chalk did ot right.
That's a first step.
And now we want to do is you want to do product
line on both requests code it.
These are great
products.
OK.
All right.
That's not to happen because we're going to to the owner and category.
So probably
Papalia again category and then all we run exact.
So in here you want to do products then want to respond within just an object.
Access true massive
products and products products.
All right cool.
So what is going on here is we are finding all the products that belong to this owner so it belongs
to us stand it will be belongs to artists we want to find all products that belong to our.
And the next thing you want to do is we want to populate owner and category.
I know you guys must be wondering what is popular.
Right.
So in a nutshell population is like this.
For example a frog.
And then you have an owner.
I see the idea.
So we populate this that we get and get these number ideas right.
But with Foxley this is what we're going to get
and it's going to get the name B.M. and all the you know attributes that belongs to this specific user
because owner is referring to.
If you go to product owner is referring to user.
So when we populate we can see all these data like email name password picture seller address and so
on.
So you want to go back to sell it.
Yes.
And that's exactly Poppy in a nutshell.
Same goes to category because we want to know what is the category that belongs to this product.
So for example if you go to the correct product belongs to books get read and we want to show the name
of the category because we dot populating the category field then you're just going to be this number.
So let's go ahead and do it again
and then we're going to remove this.
So what is Zach.
So if he has more than one function to execute on one mongoose operation then you need exec to help
you because let's see if you have you want to do populate on this mongooses operation then you want
to run exec then you're going to get the error and the result of the query.
So now if there is a product or day or products that you want to respond to adjacent data with products
object message and success true.
So let's go ahead and test this route.
So it's good to hear and open new up and want to look at post-military API.
So our products and you want to get Let's just go here and change these to get.
And you want to parse right.
Right now we are receiving area.
Curse me for God to see if this file will file go back to.
Everything's good.
So send
me.
So he shows all the items all the products that the seller actually posted.
So we posted one item just now so technically this is what I'm saying.
Owner and category.
So imagine if I don't actually put populate.
Right.
So I want to leave this to save it go back to the postman.
And I'm going to send this again
you see it just going to show the owner.
I mean it's just going to show the object id on both categories on both attributes owner and Gary.
But if you put populate it was showed information within this object I.D. So let's go ahead and see
if this and I'm going to send again and you can see it shows the owner you know information as well
as category information.
Awesome.
In this video we learn how to populate an object id did it time in the next video.
We will learn how to generate fake data to increase the amount of products that a seller could own or
we just want to make our product has as many as products possible.
So I'll see you guys in the next video.